# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of playful cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.
I think the greatest potential for the card layout is the ability to show a lot of different information as a collection of cards and then filter or sort them according to the criteria you are looking for. They could be used for a researcher to categorize or store their notes, or as an encyclopedia as an educational tool. As a more specific example, a museum can record its possessions and display them with the card layout. On each card a picture of the item can be shown, along with basic information such as the date, name of the collection it belongs to, location, and so on. Additionally, the card could be used as a link to take the user to a page with more details about the item. This will be useful for researchers and caretakers to quickly look up any items at the museum by filtering the cards (Eg. geographical location of where an item is from).

## Question 2
### This assignment asks you all to perform a certain amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 
First, the participant should be informed of what the researcher intends to do with their work. Then, the researcher should have the responsibility of using the work as intended and shouldn’t sell or use the data for personal use. This also brings into question the rights of privacy that the participant has. Some parts of information could be marked as private, so the researcher should not display those parts on the website. The “read me” page also promised that the webpage will only be shown for one semester. The researcher should securely store the participants’ works and dispose them when the semester is over.  
As for the participants’ rights, they should have the right to withdraw their information if they want to.

## Question 3
### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
For my museum idea, there are many fields we can use for each record. We can use the identification number, link to picture, name, date, country, collection that it’s a part of, the name of the person or department that manages the item, and so on. But here it shows that there is a limitation of space for each record. The records that we use for the classroom website only lists a small amount of information, with each field containing a few words. Therefore, I suggest having a link on each record so that the viewer can see more detailed information on a separate page. Other than that limitation, there may also be fields that will not be used for every record. For example, one record might use a field for “author” on a manuscript in a Middle Ages museum. But another record in this museum might be a sword, which in this case would not need an author field.